📝(frontend) update README.md (#203)
openfun/jitsi-magnify: README.md

the recommandations from our
[handbook](https://handbook.openfun.fr).

> ### Frontend

Reviewer: You should the frontend part above the contributing section

#### Architecture

The front project is split into two parts.

> - A first part in `src/frontend/packages/core contains all the components, services, repositories, and even complete 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A first part in `src/frontend/packages/core` contains all the components, services, repositories, and even complete 
```

pages required to build a magnify application. It also includes an AppRouter component that creates an app and 
its default routes

- Then a sandbox application (`src/frontend/sandbox`) which aims to demonstrate how to use the core package.

#### Configuration variables

A set of configuration variables is required. All variables can be configured directly through the environment
variables of the Django project. They are served to the client via the `/config.json` API route.

Here is the list of all the available variables :

```
{
  "API_URL": "http://localhost:8071/api" // URL of magnify api,
  "JITSI_DOMAIN": "exemple.test",
  "KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID": "magnify-front",
  "KEYCLOAK_EXPIRATION_SECONDS": 1800,
  "KEYCLOAK_REALM": "magnify",
  "MAGNIFY_SHOW_REGISTER_LINK": true,
  "KEYCLOAK_URL": "http://localhost:8080"
}

```

> You can mock these variables by adding a ``config.json`` file in the public folder of the sandbox application.q

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mock these variables by adding a `config.json` file in the public folder of the sandbox application.
```

the recommandations from our
[handbook](https://handbook.openfun.fr).

### Frontend

#### Architecture

> The front project is split into two part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The front project is split into two parts.
```

> - A first part in src/frontend/packages/core contains all the components, services, repositories, and even complete 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A first part in `src/frontend/packages/core` contains all the components, services, repositories, and even complete 
```

pages required to build a magnify application. It also includes an AppRouter component that creates an app and 
its default routes

> - And a second (sandbox) which uses precisely this package and the views available in ``src/frontend/packages/core``. 
> It's a demo
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then a sandbox application (`src/frontend/sandbox`) which aims to demonstrate how to use the core package.

```

#### Configuration variables

A set of configuration variables is required. All variables can be configured directly through the environment
variables of the Django project. They are served to the client via the `/config.json` API route.

> Here is an example of all the usable and necessary variables within the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the list of all the available variables :
```

```
{
  "API_URL": "http://localhost:8071/api" // URL of magnify api,
  "JITSI_DOMAIN": "exemple.test",
  "KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID": "magnify-front",
  "KEYCLOAK_EXPIRATION_SECONDS": 1800,
  "KEYCLOAK_REALM": "magnify",
  "MAGNIFY_SHOW_REGISTER_LINK": true,
  "KEYCLOAK_URL": "http://localhost:8080"
}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```

> You can mock these variables by adding a ``config.json`` file in the public sandbox folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mock these variables by adding a ``config.json`` file in the public folder of the sandbox application.
```
